[docs] breakout the transport config into their own sections (#231)
apollographql/apollo-mcp-server: docs/source/command-reference.mdx

#### Transport configuration

> These fields are under the top-level transport key, to configure running the MCP Server in different environments - `STDIO`, `SSE` or `StreamableHTTP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These fields are under the top-level `transport` key and configure the MCP Server to run in different environments: stdio, Streamable HTTP, or SSE (deprecated).
```
- Use the same formatting as in the spec https://modelcontextprotocol.io/specification/2025-06-18/basic/transports
- Make note of deprecation as per spec

```
transport:
  type: stdio
```

The available fields depend on the value of the nested `type` key:

> ##### STDIO (default)

Reviewer: Can we use lowercase here to match with the spec? **stdio**

| Option    | Value               | Default Value | Description                                                                                                              |
| :-------- | :------------------ | :------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`    | `"stdio"`           | \*             | Use standard IO for communication between the server and client                                                          |

> ##### SSE

Reviewer: ++ Let's move this down after Streamable HTTP and add "(Deprecated)" to the heading

| Option    | Value               | Value Type    | Description                                                                                                              |
| :-------- | :------------------ | :------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`    | `"sse"`             |               | Host the MCP server on the supplied config, using SSE for communication. Deprecated in favor of `StreamableHTTP`         |
| `address` | `127.0.0.1` (default)         | `IpAddr`      | The IP address to bind to                                                                                                |
| `port`    | `5000` (default)              | `u16`         | The port to bind to                                                                                                      |

> ##### StreamableHTTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Streamable HTTP
```

| Option    | Value               | Value Type    | Description                                                                                                              |
| :-------- | :------------------ | :------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`    | `"streamable_http"` |               | Host the MCP server on the configuration, using streamable HTTP messages.                                                |
| `address` | `127.0.0.1 (default)`         | `IpAddr`      | The IP address to bind to                                                                                                |

> | `port`    | `5000 (default)`              | `u16`         | The port to bind to                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: Could you fix the formatting here?

Author: @nicholascioli I pushed some tweaks, im not sure if I addressed this - what formatting specifics?
